# Google rolls out a major expansion(확장) of its Bard AI chatbot

## 번역: 구글은 Bard AI 챗봇의 주요한 확장을 출시했다.

---

New York
CNN
—
Google’s Bard artificial(인공의) intelligence(지능) chatbot is evolving(진화하는).

## 번역: 구글의 인공지능 Bard가 진화하고 있다.

The company on Tuesdy announced a seriaes of updates to Bard that will give the chatbot access to Google’s full suite of tools — including YouTube, Google Drive, Google Flights and others — to assist users in a wider variety of tasks. Users will be able, for example, to ask Bard to plan an upcoming trip, complete with real flight options. Or a user could ask the tool to summarize meeting notes made in a recent Google Drive document.

## 번역:

The connections to Google’s other services are just some of the improvements to Bard coming Tuesday. Other updates include the ability to communicate with the chatbot in multiple languages, new fact-checking capabilities and a broad update to the large language model that the tool is built on.

The new features mark the biggest update to Google’s Bard in the six months since it was widely released to the public.

The update comes as Google and other tech giants, including Microsoft and ChatGPT maker OpenAI, race to roll out increasingly sophisticated consumer-facing AI technologies, and to convince users that such tools are more than just a gimmick. Google — which earlier this year reportedly issued an internal “code red” after OpenAI beat it to the release of its AI chatbot — is now flexing the power of its other, widely used software programs that can make Bard more useful.

The Google logo is seen on on the company's European headquarters in Dublin. Ireland
The most popular search engine in the world is about to look different
“These services in conjunction with one another are very, very powerful,” Sissie Hsiao, general manager for Google Assistant and Bard, told CNN ahead of the launch. “Bringing all the power of these tools together will save people time — in 20 seconds, in minutes, you can do something that would have taken maybe an hour or more.”

## 단어

- roll out(출시하다): 동사
- Google's: be 동사

## 원문 기사

- [Google rolls out a major expansion of its Bard AI chatbot](https://edition.cnn.com/2023/09/19/tech/google-bard-updates/index.html)
